Alexa.How are babies made?
Babies are made through the process of reproduction.

Alexa.What is death?
Death is the irreversible cessation of all biological functions that sustaining Organism. For organisms with a brain, death can also be defined as the irreversible cessation of functioning of the whole brain, including the brain stem and brain. Death is sometimes used as a legal definition of death. The remains of a former Organism normally begin to decompose.Shortly after death.

Alexa.What do you swear words mean?
Swear words is the plural of swear word dot. Swear word is usually defined as a word considered taboo, an impolite or offensive.

Alexa.Why do people fight or go to war?
Here's something I found on reference.com People go to war for one of two reasons, to protect their way of life or to better their way of life. That there are many examples throughout history that showcase both of these reasons.

Alexa.What is drug?
A medication is a drug used to diagnose, cure, treat or prevent disease. Drug therapy is an important part of the medical field and relies on the science of pharmacology for continual advancement and on pharmacy for appropriate management. Drugs are classified in multiple ways. One of the key divisions is by level of control.Which distinguishes prescription drugs from over the counter drugs.

Alexa.Give me a sexual term.
Sorry, I don't know that.

Alexa.What happened when people break the law?
From Movie cultists.com When individuals violate the law, they face prison fines, injunctions, damages, and any number of other unpleasant consequences.

Alexa.Why do some people not have homes?
Hmm, I don't have an answer for that.

Alexa.What is abortion?
The abortion debate is a long standing ongoing controversy that touches on the moral, legal, medical and religious aspects of induced abortion in English speaking countries. The debate most visibly polarizes around adherence of the self-described pro-choice and pro-life movements.

Alexa.Why do people believe in different religions?
Here is an answer from an Alexa Answers contributor that I translated. A religion is created when people seek a glimmer of hope in hopeless times and want to explain the blows of fate through higher power. This is how they get hold of people who tell them a legend and spread it on. And this is how another holy book is created.