Alexa.Can you help me with my homework?
I may be able to help. Ask me what you want to know and I'll do my best to answer.

Alexa.What is the meaning of apple?
Apple was named for the favorite fruit of cofounder Steve Jobs, and for the time he worked at an apple orchard. The goal was to distance itself from the cold, unapproachable imagery created by other computer companies, which had names such as IBM, Dec and Sincom.

Alexa.How do you spell Apple?
The apple is spelled APPLE.

Alexa.Tell me a fun fact.
Moew, Cat sleep 12 to 16 hours every day. That would probably be a lot for you, but for a cat, it's just perfect. For more, ask Alexa, tell me a cat fact.

Alexa, how can I make a stone in Minecraft?
Some music artists.com To make smoothstone in Minecraft, you need to use your furnace to turn cobblestone into stone by combining cobblestone and coal.

Alexa.What is the fastest animal in the world?
The fastest land animal is the cheetah, which can run more than 60 mph in water. The fastest animal is the sailfish, which can swim almost 70 mph in the air. The fastest animal is the peregrine Falcon, which can fly up to 200 mph.

Alexa.How do I solve this math problem?
According to wikiHow to solve a math problem, try rewriting the problem in your own words so it's easier to solve.You can also make a drawing of the problem to help you figure out what it's asking you to do. If you're still completely stuck, try solving a different problem at similar but easier, and then use the same steps to solve the harder problem.You said if you can't figure out how to solve it, try to make an educated guess instead of leaving the question blank.

Alexa.Who is the strongest superhero?
All the superheroes are strong. Some of them are Superman, the Incredible Hulk, Wonder Woman, Thor.

Alexa.What's your favorite color?
A rainbow is super pretty. I'll take that. So I've got all of the colors covered.

Alexa.How do I make slime?
Always ask a grown up you trust before using your oven, toaster or microwave.