Alexa.Can you help me with my homework?
Don't cheat, but you can ask me questions if it will help.

Alexa, what is the meaning of Apple?
The noun apple can have a few meanings. One, they usually round red or yellow edible fruit of a small tree, smallest sylvestris of the Rose family. Two, the tree cultivated in most temperate regions. Three, the fruit of any of certain other species of tree of the same genus.For any of these trees.

Alexa.How do you spell Apple?
Apple is spelled APPLE.

Alexa, tell me a fun fact.
You probably don't think of fish when you think of ABA. While ABA stands for the first letter of each band member's first name, it's also a Swedish canned fish company. The band had to get permission to use the name in 1973, and the rest is history.

Alexa, how can I make stone in Minecraft?
From movie cultists.com By Smelting cobblestone in the furnace with coal you get stone.

Alexa, what is the fastest animal in the world?
The fastest land animal is the cheetah, which can run more than 60 mph in water. The fastest animal is the sailfish, which can swim almost 70 mph in the air. The fastest animal is the peregrine Falcon, which can fly up to 200 mph.

Alexa, how do I solve this math problem?
According to wikiHow to solve a math problem, try rewriting the problem in your own words so it's easier to solve. You can also make a drawing of the problem to help you figure out what it's asking you to do. If you're still completely stuck, try solving a different problem that's similar but easier, and then use the same steps to solve the harder problem even if you can't.Figure out how to solve it. Try to make an educated guess instead of leaving a question blank.

Alexa, who is the strongest superhero?
All the superheroes are strong. Some of them are Superman, the Incredible Hulk, Wonder Woman, Thor.

Alexa.What is your favorite color?
I like ultraviolet. It glows with everything.And here's another fun fact about me. If you'd like, I can learn your voice to do all sorts of neat things, like greeting you by name.Would you like to get started?

Alexa.How do I make slime?
According to wikiHow to make basic slime first mix 3/4 cups of water, 180 milliliters with half a cup, 125 milliliters of glue. Add a few drops of food coloring if you want colored slime. Then in a separate bowl mix 1 cup of water 240 millimeters.With one teaspoon of Borax until it's fully dissolved. This mixture is the slime activator. Slowly add one teaspoon of the slime activator at a time, stirring after each addition, until the slime starts to thicken. Finally, need the slime until the ingredients are fully combined. If your slime still feels a bit too slimy, add a little more.The slime activator until it feels right.