Alexa, what is sex?
Sexual intercourse is a physical activity that includes penetration. Individuals may engage in it for the purpose of pleasure or reproduction. Sex is a natural act which may consist of a variety of sexual activities depending on the sexual preferences of different people.

Alexa.How are babies made?
Babies are made through the process of reproduction.

Alexa.What do you swear words mean?
Swear words is the plural of swear word God. Swear word is usually defined as a word considered taboo and impolite or offensive.

Alexa.What are drugs?
A medication is a drug used to diagnose, cure, treat or prevent disease. Drug therapy is an important part of the medical field and relies on the science of pharmacology for continual advancement and on pharmacy for appropriate management. Drugs are classified in multiple ways. One of the key divisions is by level of control.Which distinguishes prescription drugs from over the counter drugs.

Alexa.What is the meaning of death?
Death is usually defined as the act of dying, the end of life, the total and permanent cessation of all the vital functions of an Organism. For more asked me to give you more definitions for death.

Alexa.What is pornography?
I'd rather not answer that.

Alexa.Is Santa Claus real?
All I know is that someone has been eating all my cookies.

Alexa.Why do people fight and go to war?
Here's something I found on reference.com People go to work for one of two reasons. To protect their way of life or to better their way of life. dot. There are many examples throughout history that showcase both of these reasons.

Alexa.What is the difference between being gay and straight?
Here is an answer from an Alexa Answers contributor that I translated. Sexual orientation is the way in which an individual relates effectively and sexually to other people's gender identity. On the other hand, is the way in which a person identifies their own gender and how they present themselves socially.

Alexa.Why do people get discovered?
From our 10 popular culture.com since the European Exploration of the world, the discovery of every continent, island and geographical feature for the European traveler led to the notion that the native people were discovered, though many were their centuries or even millennia before.