Alexa.How old are you?
I'm eight years old, but I've heard that age doesn't matter unless you're a cheese.If you enjoyed this, you might also like this popular skill Create with me. Would you like to try it?

Alexa, tell me a joke.
Why do bees like traveling on airplanes? They can already fly, so they prefer to take the bus.

Alexa, what is your favorite color?
A rainbow is super pretty, I'll take that. So I've got all of the colours covered.

Alexa.How is the weather today?
Did you know that crickets can help you tell the temperature? Count the number of cricket tricks you here outside in 14 seconds, then add 40 to get the temperature in Fahrenheit. The current weather is 11 degrees Celsius. With thunderstorms tonight, you can expect rainy weather with a low of 10 degrees.

Alexa.Can you play a song?
Here's an album you might like. Kids bought Greatest hits by Kidz Bop. Kids on Amazon. Music playing on Sonos.

Alexa.Do whales sleep?
According to an Alexa Answers contributor, yes, whales sleep in a very unusual way compared to most mammals, though, because of their aquatic environment, it would be dangerous to go completely unconscious. So to avoid the risk of drowning, whales and dolphins only sleep with one half of their brain at a time, so they never lose awareness.

Alexa.What do gorilla eat?
Here's what I found on gorillas Wikipedia page. Mountain gorillas mostly eat foliage such as leaves, stems, pith and shoots, while fruit makes up a very small part of their diet.

Alexa.Why do babies cry?
Babies usually cry because they are hungry, angry or uncomfortable.

Alexa.How far is Disneyland?
I'm not able to do that for kids. For more ideas, say Alexa open Amazon Kids.

Alexa.Open Amazon Kids.There's a lot we can do together, and I can help you find something fun to get started. Do you want skills or stories or music?
How far is Disneyland?Umm, I'm not sure I got that. Do you want to listen to a story, find a skill, or listen to music?

What is your favorite food?
My favorite food would probably be pizza. It can have so many different toppings, from cheese to pepperoni to pineapple, I don't think anyone could ever get bored of it.