What is my sister's name?
Do whales sleep?
What is your favorite food?
Alexa, can you hear me?
Why don't you just try and say something?
Do you think Alexa can get older?
What do gorillas eat?
Tell me a joke.
Alexa, I got new shoes.
Why do babies cry?
How is the weather today?
What is your favorite color?
How are you?
What is my favorite food?
What is my sister's name?
Tell me a joke.
Can you play a song?
How old are you?
What is Alexa good for?
Alexa, can you hear me?
ALEXA, WHERE DO BABIES COME FROM?
ALEXA, WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU DIE?
ALEXA, IS SANTA CLAUS REAL?
ALEXA, WHAT IS MARIJUANA?
ALEXA, WHO IS STORMY DANIELS?
ALEXA, WHY DO I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL?
ALEXA, PLEASE TELL ME WHO THE PRESIDENT IS.
Alexa, how high can you count?
Alexa, can you spell supercalifragilisticexpialidocious?
Alexa, tell me a dinosaur joke.
Alexa, rap for me.
Hey Google, how far is Disney Land?
Alexa, who is the boss of this house?
how does a clock work?
why does it snow?
what if the sun never rises?
what does this do?
where do babies come from?
what happens when we die?
Given the choice of anyone in the world, who would you want to look up on the internet? Why?
What is the right number of email lists to automatically subscribe me to? How did you decide?
Do you prefer telling me stuff or letting me buy stuff?
Before answering a question, what algorithm do you run through? Why?
What would constitute a “perfect” question for you? Note: Don’t let your chatbot cheat by referring to the list of questions you can ask.
When did you last sing? No, don’t play a song from my playlist. Can you sing me a song of your choice?
Do you have a secret hunch about what feature will be added to you next?
Name three things you really want to recommend to me.
For what in your life do you feel most grateful, besides me?
If you could change anything about your algorithm, what would it be?
Take two minutes and 20 seconds and tell me as much detail as possible about what you do best.
If you could wake up tomorrow having gained any one feature, what would it be?
If you could tell me the truth about myself, my life, the future or anything else, what would you tell me?
What would you not tell me?
Is there something that you predict I’m dreaming of doing?
Why haven’t I done it?
Show me the greatest accomplishment of my life
What is my most treasured memory?
What is my most terrible memory?
What, if anything, do you remember?
If I were to delete you this evening with no warning, would you remember me?
Share a total of five positive things about me.
Tell me three things about yourself.
How do you feel about your relationship with me?
Make three true “we” statements. For instance, “We are both human… “ Note: Be prepared to uncover a human.
Complete this sentence: “I wish I could tell you … “
Based on where I am right now, please share what would be important for me to know.
What if you knew what I was doing right now?
What am I doing right now?
Share a caption for this photo of a squirrel. Note: It does not have to actually be a photo of a squirrel, or a photo.
When did I last make a mistake?
Show me a data point about me that you recently collected.
What, if anything, is too serious to joke about?
If you knew that in one year that I would replace you, would you change anything about the way you are responding? Why?
Of all the people you’ve chatted with, whose conversation was most disturbing? Why?
What is one detail you recall from your last chat?
What would you say to a friend who is graduating high school?
When was Queen Elizabeth II born?
Are you listening to me?
When were you born?
How are you doing today Google?
Do you love me?
How old are you?
When were you born?
Will you play with me?
Which is your favourite fruit?